[DOCS] Adds the 7.13.2 release notes (#101924)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

--

[[release-notes-7.13.2]]
== {kib} 7.13.2

coming::[7.13.2]

The 7.13.2 release includes the following bug fixes.

[float]
[[fixes-v7.13.2]]
=== Bug Fixes
Fleet::

> * Fixes packages being upgraded accidentally after adding to policy {kibana-pull}101542[#101542]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue where integration packages were accidentally upgraded when they were added to an agent policy {kibana-pull}101542[#101542]
```

Lens & Visualizations::
* Fixes an issue where upgrading from 7.12.1 to 7.13.0 breaks *TSVB* vizualizations that don't have a defined timefield {kibana-pull}100864[#100864]
Logs::
* Fixes the filter button in the log entry details flyout {kibana-pull}101011[#101011]
Machine Learning::
* Updates datafeed_high_count_network_denies.json {kibana-pull}101681[#101681]

> * Fixes management app race condition {kibana-pull}100785[#100785]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes management app race condition {kibana-pull}100785[#100785]
* Fixes missing selected-interval styling for Explorer anomaly charts and 
mismatched scheduled markers styling {kibana-pull}100272[#100272]
```
